IEEE-488 (GP-IB, HP-IB) synthesizable core in VHDL
LICENSE.txt
Copyright 2016 Eric Smith <spacewar@gmail.com>

The IEEE-488 synthesizable core and related testbenches are Free
Software licensed under the terms of the Free Software Foundation
General Public License version 3, a copy of which is provided in the
file gpl3.txt.

In the following licensing information, the term "program" includes
but is not limited to the provided VHDL source files and testbench
stimulus files, and any works derived therefrom, even if translated or
compiled into a different form and/or embedded in hardware.

Redistribution of the GPL-licensed files, whether in source code form,
compiled, or embedded in an FPGA, ASIC, SoC, etc., imposes certain
requirements on the licensee.  These requirements may be considered
undesirable by some commercial entities; entities wishing to
redistribute the files without being subject to the requirements
imposed by the GPL should contact the author to negotiate an alternate
license.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of version 3 of the GNU General Public License
(GPL) as published by the Free Software Foundation, but not any
earlier or later version of the GPL.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
